Fearlessness, fearlessness, fearlessness.
Have we been timid? Have we been hesitant?
Doubt and hesitating all this, this is called weakness.
It's timid.
That means what is happening?
We are over powered by again, same thing, the ego, the habit pattern.
Habit pattern, ego.
This habit pattern, ego is very, very manipulative.
It's manipulating us all the time, many different ways.
Very roughly, very sniggly, sniggly, sniggly,
and very naively, very innocent way.
I mean, all different ways is really, it is manipulative.
And what it's doing, result is what?
Then it blocks, and then we just like to keep us on the ego world.
Like to keep us in the duality world.
It like to be ruled by all the emotions,
such as ignorance, attachment, and jealous, hated.
All those are coming one after another, and then ego is fine.
But when we begin to do this practice, the palace, the egolessness,
egolessness and great emptiness, great love, great compassion,
great wisdom that has not discriminated,
when we begin to do this openness practice,
there is so many things come, these egos.
For that reason, Buddha taught,
the Gharbhema Samba taught, always teaching,
be strong, be confident, joy and happy.
No matter whatever that, you continue to move forward.
Then we are on the beautiful state of that.
All the turbulence goes there,
and we will be continuing on the beautiful sunlight state.
Even we stay on that, turbulence comes out,
and all that, because these habit patterns,
these habit patterns is not just we do love, since we born.
This is carrying, carrying packages
that start from the biggest time of our lives.
We carry that package all the time, until now.
Today we are crumbling.
Today we are shaking that, that carrying package.
We are crumbling, right?
Cumbling.
Today we are cumbling.
Today we are shaking that.
Today we are knocking them, that.
It's a wonderful time, it's a beautiful time.
We are making beauty ourselves,
we are making beauty for other beings,
that we can benefit for all beings,
because what is coming up, as we said.
Then all the beautiful qualities.
This is the next sentence in the teaching set.
All these wondrous qualities,
bhema ke sa dung bhula,
yang sin chogam nudam.
That next sentence,
Supreme wondrous qualities that you achieve.
Supreme wondrous, beautiful achievement is arising, is coming.